---
layout: post
title: Alpha Release
header: Alpha Release
group: blog
category: alpha
tags : [releases, announcements, alpha]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

We have an alpha version of Unified Butterfly Recorder ready for testers to use! We appreciate any and all feedback, so don't hesitate to let us know what you think. Also feel free to log any bugs or feature requests on the project's [issue tracker](https://github.com/curtisullerich/butterflies/issues) on Github. Please keep in mind that this is an alpha release: We cannot make any guarantees regarding stability, performance, or integrity of data recorded with this version of the app. See the standard disclaimer below. That said, we're enjoying using the app, and hope that it will already be useful for you in its present state. Also note that we are officially supporting Android 4+, though the app may work on older releases.  

##Getting the App
We're using Google Play's alpha/beta release tools to manage this. Because of that, only members of the ubralpha Google Group will be able to access the download. Request to join [ubralpha](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ubralpha) using the Google account associated with your Android device. Once we accept your request, [join the alpha test](https://play.google.com/apps/testing/edu.iastate.ece.butterflies) and then you'll be able to [download the application](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=edu.iastate.ece.butterflies) like any other app on Google Play.

If you have any questions or comments about the app, or run into any issues accessing it, don't hesitate to [contact us](mailto:butterflies@iastate.edu). 

Thanks!  

Team Butterfly
--
Disclaimer

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.  
